DEV: add recurrence rule parameter to downloadCalendar API (#24404)
discourse/discourse: docs/CHANGELOG-JAVASCRIPT-PLUGIN-API.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.16.0] - 2023-11-17

### Added

> - Added `recurrence rule` option to `downloadCalendar`, this can be used to set recurring event in the calendar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `recurrenceRule` option to `downloadCalendar`, this can be used to set recurring events in the calendar. Rule syntax can be found at https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10.
```
